I'm just verifying it for you, isn't Your Majesty going to rush?
What method is he going to use?
Why not rush? Zheng Dao wants to see what other tricks you can use?
I will give you a chance to tell the truth now,
Can I let you go? What's the matter?
They will become your home,
In the face of death, should you still do nonsense?
I gave you a chance but you didn’t know how to cherish it,
Now let me show you what it is called,
The all-purpose European shoe.
Fortunately for him, these long hands know
There are only shoes with blood-shaped dragons
On the contrary, it is not a universal European shoe
But it can compete with all blood-shaped fragrant dragons
believe in science
what do you want to do
You'll know if you come with me and take a look
But Daning is ignorant of things
It's fine if you want to be beheaded, I don't want it
you open and make
Doing the most unreasonable thing
I am priceless from a few days onwards
I'll give you a thousand dollars in exchange for a lifetime of wearing shoes.
We've fallen in love, we're priceless, what's the point?
Wait a minute, wait a minute, are we Su Mei?